1.Write a program that has a class to represent time. The class should have constructors to initialize data members hour, minute and second to 0 and to initialize them to values passed as arguments. The class should have member function to add time objects and return the result as time object. There should be another function to display the result in 24 hour format.
2.Write a program that has a class with a dynamically allocated character array as its data member. One object should contain "Engineers are" and another should contain " Creatures of logic". Member function join() should concatenate two strings by passing two objects as arguments. Display the concatenated string through a member function. Use constructors to allocate and initialize the data member. Also, write a destructor to free the allocated memory for the character array. Make your own function for concatenation of two strings.
3.Write a class that can store Department ID and Department Name with constructors to initialize its members. Write destructor member in the same class and display the message "Object n goes out of the scope". Your program should be made such that it should show the order of constructor and destructor invocation.
4.Assume that one constructor initializes data member say num_vehicle, hour and rate. There should be 10% discount if num_vehicle exceeds 10. Display the total charge. Use two objects and show bit-by-bit copy of one object to another (make your own copy constructor).
5.Write a program that illustrate the following relationship and comment the relationships. 
i) const_object.non_const_mem_function
ii) const_object.const_mem_function
iii) non_const_object.non_const_mem_function
iv) non_const_object.const_mem_function
6.Create a class with a data member to hold "serial number" for each object created from the class. That is, the first object created will be numbered 1, the second 2 and so on by using the basic concept of static data members. Use static member function if it is useful in any of the member functions declared in the program. Otherwise make separate program that demonstrate the use of static member function.